Add files via upload (#93)
buildingSMART/Sample-Test-Files: IFC 4.3/IfcAlignment_IfcCourse_IfcSectionedSolidHorizontel/Readme.md

# IfcAlignment_IfcCourse_IfcSectionedSolidHorizontel
--- 

### Intent

This scenario demonstrates the usage of IfcCourse in combination with IfcSectionedSolidHorizontal and IfcIndexedPolyCurve

### Prerequisites

This scenario builds upon following other scenarios:
- basic spatial structure containing an IfcProject and an IfcSite entity

### Content

This scenario builds upon following scenarios:
- project structure
  - IfcProject
  - IfcSite

- alignment
  - IfcAlignment, IfcHorizontalAlginment, IfcVerticalAlignment
- course
  - IfcCourse, IfcSectionedSolidHorizontal, IfcIndexedPolyCurve 
- core spatial structure
  - IfcProject
  - IfcSite

### Supporting files

Following files correspond to this scenario:

| Filename                                               | Description                              |
|--------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|

> | IfcAlignment_IfcCourse_IfcSectionedSolidHorizontel.ifc | the exported content as IFC4X3 file      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IfcAlignment_IfcCourse_IfcSectionedSolidHorizontal.ifc | the exported content as IFC4X3_RC1 file      |

```
